Refactor route msgs (#2)
ika-rwth-aachen/planning_interfaces: README.md

Reviewer: Rename the plugin so that it is not postfixed "*Display" as in RouteDisplay?

While ROS already provides [common_interfaces](https://github.com/ros2/common_interfaces) for generic robotics applications, they do not cover the specific needs of behavior planning in automated driving. The `planning_interfaces` address this gap by defining standardized ROS messages for inter-module communication within the planning stack. These interfaces enable seamless data exchange between navigation, command, and stabilization levels, supporting flexible and scalable system architectures.

## Overview of the route_planning_msgs
The `route_planning_msgs` package contains message files related to the navigation task of automated driving. In principle, the following two use cases are covered by these message definitions:
1. Typical route planning tasks, where a route is planned from a start to an end point, including waypoints and time information. (e.g., Google Maps)
2. (Local) enrichement of a route with additional information, such as lane information, traffic signs, or adjacent lanes. (e.g., HD maps or camera-based lane detection)

> The [`Route.msg`](route_planning_msgs/msg/Route.msg) contains the desired destination and two lists of [`RouteElements`](route_planning_msgs/msg/RouteElement.msg) (one for traveled and one for remaining). These `RouteElements` then contain information about the road topology, such as lanes, regulatory elements (e.g., traffic signs), and other relevant information. The following figure illustrates the key components of the `Route.msg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`Route.msg`](route_planning_msgs/msg/Route.msg) is made up of [`RouteElements`](route_planning_msgs/msg/RouteElement.msg) perpendicular to the driving direction. These `RouteElements` contain information about the road topology, such as lanes, regulatory elements (e.g., traffic signs), and other relevant information. The following figure illustrates the key components of the `Route.msg`.
```
